Reflections
1) version control platforms allows users to work on different branches and make edits without affecting the master document.

2) makes it easier to compare difference between documents.

3) allows teams to collaborate on different features of the app and merge together at the end.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
An easy access to entire history of a file makes you more efficient programmer becuase it allows you to navigate the history of the document, view changes quickly, pinpoint bugs, and most importantly roll back to a previous version. It also allows teams to collaborate together on the same project without interefering with one another's work. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
More control of what's saved and when its saved. This allows users to navigate historical changes much easier. Furthermore, manual commits allows the user to commit in a logial manner, i.e. commit when a feature is complete versus commit when x amount of time has passed.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git saves multiple files in one commit to take a current snapshot of the project/repository at the time of the commit. In programming, multiple files work together to create a proejct. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
See when changes were made, who made them, and what was made. Than easily compare changes across files in a detailed view.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
The ability to roll back to an early working version.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Collaborating on projects, rolling back to early versions, experimenting with different features. 